So in previous cases, what we have done, we created a lot plant and we've done everything like handling
that files and everything and it's indexing.
As you can see, it is taking time to indexing and doing everything.
So let us ID to check everything and it will take time.
No, this is an email message.
And I created the gate and certain methods.
So.
I will tell you, one shortcut to do this is I already told you place an insert.
When all the insert is you are doing, you can check for greater and certain methods here.
And once you click this, you can check the URL.
I already created a certain set of methods for everything, but instead of this you can use this, keep
it as it is defaulting.
And we created this part already.
So this is my mail client where I'm accessing the files using do get and everything.
Do get and do post not accessing the files.
I'm accessing the data from the JSP file, which is basically indexed for disappear.
So in email message, what's happening?
Actually, it's creating and certain methods and certain methods are nothing but gate and set methods
basically in Java.
So for time consumption and everything and for smart coding, what I've done, I use default things
using insert and I inserted these things so you can use these things directly.
So now what I'm going to mention here, it's very simple.
I already created this indexing part and now we are remaining with this.
Okay, so you can say new Java makes this not found and everything.
So I will tell you what I went to create here and everything.
But before this remember everything here.
So email utility is just basically properties of SMTP server dimension and you can remove this thing
also.
It's not at all required, but I mentioned here if you're having any trouble in my case for Gmail,
you don't require that.
But if you are using another thing or you are using your own SMTP server, you read this part.
Then I created one properties object a SMTP Properties Props.
I'm putting my host as a SMTP address or basically dot com all this file.
So when you cannot change the port remember I'm mentioning as authentic content location always true
and I'm enabling TLS with transport layer security.
I created this thing you with some message and it's very unsecure method I created.
But I will tell you what I'm going to use here.
So new Java X I created and session.
So let me move forward with some more creative thing here which is basically protected password authentication.
Not many thing, but password protection protected.
So.
Is taking them fully protected.
Okay.
Protected.
Crossword.
Protected password authentication java x mail here and mentioning authentication get.
Password authentication.
So.
I did not want you to get password.
Applications were.
Maybe it is because I don't want to type in another sort of indication.
We've done.
New.
Password authentication.
And what I'm going to mention is here.
Senator mail.
Similar email pass that I'm going to mention here.
Okay.
And let me close this part.
No.
I think I remaining with some more cream here, which is basically props.
Do I close this?
No.
So no need to require to close this.
We need to close this here.
No.
I made one mistake more because of this parenthesis.
Okay, now we are done.
So let me tell you what is going to do.
It is going to create a session with the following instances properties.
These properties with new Java Mail Authenticator, which is basically X mail authenticator file, then
protected password authentication.
Password protected authentication which is going to return me the sender email and send mail pass.
So I will tell you how I'm going to change it later.
Then I need to debug this.
So.
Decision not said debug which is always true.
Which is going to be true always.
So this is it about how I'm going to work with this, but we are furthermore required to do things.
So what I can do, instead of doing these things again and again, like messaging this and sending an
email.
I'm going to create one package, insert this or begins a file, insert this.
So what I'm actually going to do is very common thing I'm mentioning as my file is password lot d x
in this pair I'm going to mention my password as my password and I'm going to handle this.
And now I'm going to create one secure, secure method for this purpose.
And what I hope it's very easy but file name.
Is equal to.
BOBKOFF So what a lot of.
And it's all in the form of actions in both class.
Part of.
And let me mention my part.
So you can use your password.
But I'm going to use you as it is.
So sometimes.
Okay.
So it's showing me this.
But what you can do is it should be handling dry catch always remember and high in catch because I'm
handling this so it needs to handle with try catch.
So let me try here.
Let me close.
Try here.
And let me mention catchier exception.
E.
System.
Don't.
Oh, Lord.
England.
So sometimes it made you error.
So let me add this in my vein.
So it gives me directly to change that, my dependencies and everything.
So.
It started, I guess, my independence, he added.
So it will take time doing indexing and everything.
But now what I'm going to mention here, once this password takes care of some password inside this,
it is going to handle my this thing file will take care of fetching the what we can say data inside
this.
Now what I'm going to do is I'm going to mention as that file so files dot releasing.
It's metal reaching.
So is this the industry filing?
By limb.
This is very.
So it will be really strange for me.
And what I'm going to do is I'm mentioning a string class.
So now instead of putting the password here, I can put like this and this is no longer unsafe.
Why the password or txt?
I can store it as a very ciphertext.
Everything is basically encrypted paste.
You cannot check that part.
You can store it very securely or you can use database zero.
So for this purpose, what?
I'm using this file and it will take care of everything.
So let me mention it is as it is.
Let me do one thing here.
Instead of waiting.
Always this would start.
Start.
Then we're also.
Stop because it is basically just optimizing the inputs which is no longer you.
Okay, so we are good to go.
In this.
Including the important thing the libraries and now we done with this with session debug and everything
so we are now remaining with creating message set to message, then doing that splitting part.
Everything we need to do.
So first, let us see how we can create a message field here.
So it's very easy to create message field here.
Create a message feed.
Or we can create message on the screen because it will go to the index page easily meaning.
So create message as back in part is very easy as message, image and engine.
New message.
Okay, wait a minute.
What happened?
Okay.
So.
I created everything for you.
So I want to mention this only message.
And what I can do is my message.
So.
It's basically Java X message.
My message is just for putting this as it is my message which is going to handle my session.
Session is this.
So session is going to handle this with this.
Then what I need to mention is.
Maybe you think because this is not at all because.
So
this is going to create a message then.
I knew the address from which going to put so.
Internet.
Internet at this Internet address, which is basically IP address, nothing but.
Address from again new year new.
Let me mention like this address from.
Okay, so there will be no address from new internet address and it's very easy.
Singerman.
So.
Let's see.
Then after this message, get from.
I need to mention you get from.
What is the good form which is basically addressed from.
So while putting the message, you can found out that part.
So might show me the error or set form.
I need not set it set.
So now I can say the message for not getting the message, I'm going to forward the message.
So I need to sit from it and not yet from.
So now we are done with this messaging part.
So remaining things, what I'm going to do is send to address and doing everything.
So let me copy one thing.
Email it is.
Which is basically going to fish that singing melodies then Curtis is going to mention.
So this is my kids and what is going to do if I'm putting dash or comma here, it's going to add in
that email.
So I'm using here as string, as you can say, relating.
So it will add it in the CC address and everything.
So this is my to address.
If I'm adding the comma, it will my CC address.
Then for BC address I'm going to use same thing here.
So let me do this again.
So I will tell you what is going to work for me.
So I'm going to put slash here and address through with email IDs and this is the length.
So it's going to put and it's going to run and check to all email the ladies I given and it will put
me for that purpose.
So in further videos, what I'm going to do, this is done, but now we are required over some messaging
part.
We are going to create one loop to invoke it again and again.
So in the later part, I'm going to do this.
If you want to check, you can directly use this form or XML and it's taking time to analyze as per
your requirement.
So remember, while putting this, it should be like this your password here and you can use this method
to put password or instead of putting password, you can use this method.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.